So, guys, going forward, how do we solve the problem of machine heterogeneity, so let us suppose
that the machine a sense this dalbavie to machine B and C, and let's say that the machine B is a 32
bit machine, whereas machine C is a sixteen bit machine and machine by itself is also a 32 bit machine.
So machine is 32 bit machine.
Machine B is 32 bit machine and machine C is sixteen bit machine.
So we have introduced here the problem of heterogeneity across machines which are communicating with
each other.
So when this deal we are this message is received by machine B and machine C, let us see how machine
B and C will decode to CLV or whether they will be able to decode it or not.
So let us understand this through good discussion so guys, you can see I have read in court on the
right hand side the good deal we want it to.
And this function is used to decode the entire deal with 132 and read the contents of this deal.
So the argument to dysfunction is a starting point to the deal we want to agree to.
That is the point of which points to the starting address of this entire message.
Right.
So let us go through this function line by line and try to understand how are we able to pass this deal
and read the contents of this deal.
So we will assume that we are.
Running this function on a machine, which is 32 bit machine, that is an odd example, let us say that
we are decoding this Dahlby, when received on the machine B, which is 32 bit machine, that is the
size of the unsigned integer type will be four bytes.
So assuming this, let us try to decode this Dahlby using this function.
So you can see that the we point to is actually a pointer that points to the start of this DLC message.
Right, so clearly point that actually points here.
Now, now, here, your knowledge of sea will be tested.
That is how good you are with pointers.
So you can see that the PLB pointer is actually a pointer which points to the character the today,
right?
So putting the aesthetic against this pointer means that you have read one bite of data.
And you are typecasting that one bit of data into the Intisar variable.
Right.
So basically, the first line reads the first bite of the tail, which is 132 and stole the number 132
in this Intisar deal with Depletable.
Right.
So in this line, we have just read the deal with Aidy, which is 32 now, that the only point that
has been incremented.
So the only pointer now points here because it has been incremented by one bite.
Right now, again, the next one bite is actually represents the length of the actual data that is carried
by this deal, we so similarly we will read the next part of this, be using the same concept that is
read the first part of the data, which is pointed by the pointer and typecasts the data as int and
store the data, which is 20 in the data length.
So in this line we have read that the length of the entire data section of the theory is 20 bytes.
Right.
Now, get unit size is an internal function, which takes an argument as the PLB type, which is 32
again, as I said, that the receiving machine must know that if it is a PLB 132, then what is the
size of unit data for that deal?
So that will be a constant.
So I have not shown the definition of dysfunction, but this function just returned the size of unit
data size, given that the LV type.
So this function would return flyoff, which is the size of unit data of artillery 132.
Right.
So unit PLB size is five right now.
Next, we have incremented the pointer again.
So now the pointer points to the start of the data section.
Right, so now we are switching on the PLB type.
And that deal with type cases one thirty two, because the value of deliberativeness 132.
So here we have calculated that the number of units that is carried in this data.
So what are the number of units?
You can always calculate the number of units by dividing the data land with the unit data size.
So revelant is 20 and the unit data size is five.
So number of units that are scattered in this message is for that is for PLB 132 data units.
Now we will iterate these many number of times to pass all the data units of PNB 130 do not directly
come here.
Now, here, we need some discussion so you can see that our current pointer is actually pointing to
the start of the data section of the tail.
So the next thing that we need to do is to read the four bytes because the next to data is an IP address,
which is four byte.
So here you can see that we have defined an IP address.
As an Eddie, so when you write.
Care IP address and defined it as an array of sites, for it means that you have taken a memory of exactly
four bytes.
Right.
So to read for by offer teacher value, you need four bites of memory to store that value.
So simply do CPI, that is copy for bytes of data.
The starting from the point appointed by this pointer that is still a pointer and copy.
Exactly for bytes of data.
Right.
So in this area, you will actually end up in copying the IP address of four bytes and you have to advance
the PLB pointer to here now by incrementing it by four.
Right.
And then you simply have to extract the mosque value.
So most value is one byte.
So you can always extract the most value directly using asterisk.
Right.
And then again, incremented the point, so to point that is at the start of second unit, right?
And remember, you are inside the loop so far, loop will run again, so you can see that you are able
to decode all the data units of the TRV correctly, right.
No.
In the discussion of discord, heavy assume anything which is specific to the machine architecture.
That is, have we done anything which will break if this machine is not 32 bit, but 16 with.
So let us discuss this court again, but now in the context of sixteen bit machine, that is the size
of the unsigned end is sixteen bit or two bytes.
We have just discussed this court in the context of 32 bit machine, that is the size of unsigned is
for worldwide.
But now we are going to discuss this court again, assuming that the size of unsigned end is to bytes
now.
Right.
So, again, let us go through this code, so let us go through this code by assuming that the size
of end and unsigned end is 16 bits or two bytes.
So you can see so clearly point to, again, points to the start of the PLB.
Right.
And you have correctly that the LV type, which is, again, 132, which is again 132.
Now you have advanced the three pointer to point to the next right in that the Elvie, again, you have
read the next byte and the theory, which is 20.
Right now, again, this function will return the unit size of the PLB, which is, again, five that
is constant.
So Unity Aloysius will be five.
Now we are taking a very evil eye, which is a looping variable, and again, we have a incremented
the pointer by one unit.
So the pointer points to the start of the data section.
Remember whether the machine is a 32 bit machine or 16 with machine or 64 with a machine, the size
of the character type is always one bite.
So again, we are switching on the PLB type.
So case one thirty two will be hit again.
The number of any units will be data length divided by the unit data size.
So any units will be again for.
And again we are iterating.
So come to the section that is we are now doing KPA.
So again the IP addresses an array of four bytes.
Right, and again, we are hoping that there'll be a point at which point to the start of the data section
and we copy exactly for why, it's because we have specified for here that is hard coded value.
And again, we increment that three pointer by four bytes or two point two points to the.
Mosque value.
Right, and again, we need the mosque value as usual, and again, we incrementally deal with, though,
so you can see that this court executed identically on a machine which is 32 bit machine or on a machine
which is 16 with machine or on a machine, which is export machine.
This court is independent of the machine architecture.
Why?
Because while copying the data from the TRV to the internal variables like IP address, we have not
used the unsigned int or integer as a data type have used have used anywhere for this purpose.
That is, for copying the data from dalbavie to the internal local variables of this function.
The answer is no.
So you can see that this man, CPI, is actually a statement which is machine agnostic.
That is, it doesn't matter what type of machine it is, this man CPI function will copy or four bytes
of data pointed by the three pointer into four bytes of IP address.
Right.
So because of this function, you are able to read the data correctly from the PLB while being it while
being architecture independent, not instead of dysfunction, that is marked by how do you used this
line or this statement, then your function or discord would have become platform dependent.
Platform dependent means it will depend whether the size of the unsigned end is four bytes or two bytes.
If the size of the unsigned int was four bytes, then this statement would have copied for bytes of
data into your unsigned and IP address.
That is for bytes of data.
And if this machine was two bytes, then this statement that would have copied only two bytes or data
from the PLB to the IP address because the size of the unsigned end data type will be of two bytes.
So all the magic lies in this line that is MCP y and in this line.
So the first line that you are seeing here is actually the platform dependent line, whereas this line
is a platform independent line, while the first line is a platform dependent line because you are making
use of that data type, which is defined by the machine architecture on a 32 bit machine.
It is for based on our 16 with machine, it is terabyte, whereas in memory CPI, the IP address is
a four by Eddie, so as so on different machine.
The size of the card is always one byte and therefore you are not making use of any data type which
is machine dependent.
And therefore this statement is machine agnostic and you will be able to pass that really successfully.
When you decode that, they'll be using this function and using this line number thirty five to read
that they'll be content.
Now, here it is also, well, that what you need to do in the default section, so default section
will hit the receiving machine, do not recognize that there will be 132 write.
That is, the reality machine is not aware of the 132 definition.
Now it is also worth discussing here, the default section here, the default section is very important,
right?
So you can see in the default section we are simply incrementing.
That will be pointer by data length.
Right.
While we are doing this, the receiving machine, which do not recognize this type, will go into the
default case.
Right.
And since that is, the machine is not aware of the deal with definition.
RTL idee.
It is represented by this variable than that receiving machine simply escapes that entire till we present
in the message.
You can see that nothing breaks on the receiving machine if the receiving machine do not recognize any
particular.
It simply skips reading.
The content of that will be present in the message.
Right.
So that's all about the discussion of decoding that they'll be on the receiving machine.
So going forward, so let us now compare it with another scenario, what would have happened if we send
the data as a simple structure on the wire?
That is the deal with definition.
That is what would have happened if the PLB definition was defined as a simple structure that is unsigned
IP address and followed by the mosque value.
So this is the unit data type of PLB 132 that it would have been a problem for receiving machines if
their hardware architecture differs from the sending machine.
Because here again, you are making use of platform dependent data type that is unsigned int.
Which will be four bytes on set, on 32 bit machine and two bytes on a 60 on a sixteen bit machine.
So far, 32 bit machine.
This is structure.
Size will be five bytes and on a sixteen bit machine, this structure size will be three bytes.
So receiving machines which are not compliant with the sending machine would end up reading garbage.
So if the receiving machine had received this message.
And the received message buffer there than what we normally do, we typecast this message as destructible.
We went out to Star, right?
And we have a point at which points to that buffer.
Now, again, we access the IP address, which is the unsigned and member of this structure.
And the entire problem lies in this statement.
This statement would read for by its on a little bit machine and this statement would read two bytes
on a sixteen bit machine.
So a lot of problem.
So to sum up, the values are all about sending and reading the data bite by bite, and every machine
must know people with type definition.
If any machine which receives Dahlby 132 and is not aware of people we want to talk to definition,
then that machine can simply escape passing that theory without breaking anything or without doing any
data corruption that we have already illustrated in the code walkthrough and the default section, we
saw that any machine which do not recognize that particular PLB would execute in the default section
of the statement and does escape the entire we.
So we have just learned how to resolve the problem of machine heterogeneity.